So...
You just brazenly show up here, is that it?
Yeah, reluctantly.
Seriously, Kazuma, do you have a fatal
allergy to not getting wrapped up in trouble?
I guess I'm stuck helping you,
but you're in no position to
whine about me anymore!
Because you're just as bad!
Just as bad, Kazuma!
Indeed he is!
And he can hardly refer to us as
troublemakers anymore, can he?
Granted, as his friends,
we will gladly help him instead of
leaving him to his own devices!
If it isn't the demented little wizard.
You'd better not be planning to blow
away my property like you did before.
Excuse me?!
That said...
I do feel somewhat insulted that the
unsavory rumors people spread about me
are being so easily believed.
I-It's only a part of the investigation...
Oh, I understand, Lady Dustiness.
You, at least, are welcome to
stay for as long as you'd like.
He said we could stay as long as we'd like!
I get the biggest guest room!
No fair, Kazuma!
I want the one closest to the dining room!
I would be best suited to the
room with the highest altitude!
Hey, wait a—
Damn it, Aqua! Who said
you could come up here?!
What, I'm not allowed to pick an upstairs room?!
I'm... so sorry about them.
Quit being so selfish!
You two should be fine sleeping downstairs!
You... certainly seem to have
your hands full, Lady Dustiness.
No fair!
You always try to hog the rewards, Kazuma!
You two should be downstairs anyway!
I'm sorry... I am so sorry about them.
I work hard, too!
I will be the one in the highest room!
So sorry!
KONOSUBA!
God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! 3
Episode 4: Divine Punishment for This Handsome Gentleman Thief!
My plans took a strange twist.
Man, I wish I was back in that cozy castle...
But, Iris, your big brother's gonna try hard!
If a thief is coming,
it'll probably be at night.
What's that room?
O-Oh, it's you.
I'm Kazuma.
Nothing of note in here.
I wouldn't wander around
unless you've got good reason.
What were you looking at?
Hey!
The baths?!
Is this a magic mirror?!
You were making sure it
was in perfect condition
since Darkness is staying
the night, weren't you?
C-Care to join me?
I will obviously not be
swayed by your wicked ways.
Now, get on out. I'm going to use this room.
Hold on! You're going to use it?!
Come on, quit thinking like a deviant.
I am going to sleep in this room to keep
my friends from getting creeped on!
Don't try and play me!
I won't allow some sprout like you
to gaze upon Lalatina's body!
Too bad! 'Cuz I've already been
in the bath with Darkness before!
You want me to let the whole
mansion know about this room?
We're making a deal!
If you don't want your entire maid staff
pissed at you, then keep your mouth shut!
Being sexually harassed is part
of a maid's job description!
I should be the one making you an offer.
I'm not sure why, but I feel
we may be two of a kind.
Why not choose the friendly option?
Ba-dump!
What an interesting offer.
Let's hear the terms, by all means.
This pervert was trying to peep on—
Sorry.
It's been three days since we arrived.
Mansion life is comfortable enough.
There's been nothing of note happening...
Oho. Enjoying a bit of lunch, Kazuma?
Yeah. Good morning.
It's actually afternoon already.
I was up all night keeping an
eye out for the thief, thanks!
Besides, I heard you were up late every
night while I was away from Axel.
That was... well... I was worried
because you were suddenly taken away!
More importantly, was there
any sign of the thief?
What's got you so anxious?
You were seriously worried about me?
That's pretty cute.
I-It's just because you always tend to get
wrapped up in trouble, despite being weak!
To say nothing of how easily you die!
I-It's not like I try to get into trouble!
Much like how I wasn't dying on purpose!
Oh my God, this is just like a rom-com!
How am I supposed to react when
you're suddenly being so sweet?!
Kazuma, when you're done
with your breakfast,
would you like to join me for a date?
Ba-dump!
Explosion!
I figured it'd be something like this!
...plosion!
What's that? The Demon King Army?
...sion!
What the hell is happening?!
You realize the capital's already
getting complaints about you, right?
My name has begun to resound, is that it?
Maybe I should've had you learn
advanced magic after all...
I don't appreciate what you just said!
And so...
Hey! You think you can screw
with a water goddess?
I know you've got fancier stuff! Bring me that!
Aqua spent the week drinking all
the best booze in the mansion.
It was then that my Explosion
magic burst forth,
laying waste to the pitiful general
of the Demon King's army, Hans!
Then came the time I battled
another general, Sylvia...
Megumin regaled us daily, at length,
Now, that was a tale of
truly epic accomplishment!
about her heroic triumphs.
And as for me...
Miss, miss! Can I get my usual massage?
For dinner tonight, can we
get giant beef sukiyaki?
Also, the down blanket
I ordered should be coming,
so go ahead and put it on my bed.
L-Lady Dustiness...
Well... I do realize I said to
make yourself at home, but...
You don't need to finish the thought!
We'll be leaving as soon as possible!
I slept so much in the afternoon
that I'm wide awake now.
Time for a midnight snack.
It sucks that we have to leave tomorrow...
Is that Aqua?
There aren't any guards...
Maybe I'm being paranoid?
Looks like the last day hit the jackpot!
Thank you so much, Eris, goddess of luck!
I just felt the weirdest presence.
Lurk.
I'm probably imagining things.
Sneak, sneak, sneak...
So, Detect Treasure says that
what I'm looking for...
should be over this way.
Gotcha!
Now, you infamous rogue,
it's time to come along quietly!
You picked the wrong mansion to rob!
You're not dealing with
some two-bit security!
I've taken down Devil King generals!
You'd better not think you can escape!
S-Stop it!
Hang on, are you...
Wait, where do I know that voice from?
Is that you, Kazuma?
And whoa, watch your hands, please!
No, I'm just restraining a trespasser, see?
It's me!
So Chris is the noble thief
that's the talk of the town.
No one will ever wanna marry me now...
What did you expect?
I thought you were a thief!
What are you even doing
here in the first place?!
What? Darkness is here, too?!
That's bad! Really bad!
She's gonna be so mad if she finds out!
They probably won't kill
you if you apologize.
Just pay your debt to society.
Hang on! You've got it all wrong!
I'm doing this for a good reason!
They're gone...
I guess I'll have to tell
you the whole truth.
It all began with—
Don't! I don't wanna hear it!
Why not?!
Because this is how I get dragged
into trouble every single time!
B-But...
Whatever!
Just get out of here before anyone comes!
Your secret's safe with me!
Yeah, but I was hoping you could help me...
I do not want to hear it, okay?!
Besides, think about it!
You know the lord of this place
is a nasty pervert, right?
If he sees you caught, oh lordy...
I think I heard something.
I-I'll clear out for today, then!
I can explain another time.
Don't bother, please!
Oh, and tie me up!
That way I can say you escaped!
O-Okay! Bind!
See ya!
Kazuma! Are you all right?
Were you hit with Bind?!
Where's the thief?
I hate to say it, but they
got away at the last second.
I was so careless!
Could you untie me, please?
They've escaped, then...
Are you hurt? What was the thief like?
Uh... I think it was a guy
in a weird-looking mask?
He might've been way tougher than
a Devil King general, even.
Th-The foe was that fearsome?
Incidentally, Kazuma, you look snug as a bug
in a rug. Can you even move right now?
That should be obvious!
I nearly had the guy, but...
Just hurry up and untie me.
This is uncomfortable.
Y'know, Kazuma...
This might not be a great time,
but I owe you an apology.
Why? What for?
Well... you know how you never came back
after getting taken to the castle?
Huh? Yeah...
I started digging around in
your room because I was bored.
And I found this doll-looking
thing you had apparently made...
which broke after I messed with it.
You little—
I-It's fine! Don't worry about it.
I can always put it back together.
Now, if you'd untie me...
You forgive me?!
In that case, I might as well clear
the air while I've got the chance.
At the time,
I figured it'd be fine
since you weren't around,
so I started drinking in your room.
Y'know how cleaning up the snack
leftovers and empty bottles is a pain
when you drink in your own room?
Anyway, I was pretty hammered,
and I broke a bunch of other stuff, too.
Sorry!
I wanna smack her head off her shoulders!
D-Don't sweat it!
We're good pals, aren't we?
And it's my fault for not coming home!
Now, if you could just untie me...
You know, Aqua has a point
about this situation.
I believe we're in for quite a lot of fun.
What's going on here?!
Help!
Go on, say it! Say how sorry you are
for being a cocky bastard lately!
Apologize for the endless
grief you've put me through!
"I'm sorry for humiliating you!" Say it!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry for causing trouble!
I want to hear you say it again, Kazuma!
You remember what you said!
How many points was it?
How many points does my Explosion magic get?
Please stop!
That stuff is memorable
because it's only ever said once!
No, go on, say it!
Don't be shy! Let's hear it!
It's too embarrassing!
Just let me go, please!
I had no idea turning the
tables could be so much fun!
Someone!
I see.
Despite all your confident
claims, you failed...
And the thief wore a mask
and was very formidable?
R-Right! I'm not sure I'd call
it a total failure, though!
If I hadn't been there, who's to say what
would've happened to old man Alderp?
In the end, he was worthless.
A worthless adventurer.
Given that this is coming from Sir Kazuma,
who has battled the Devil King's generals,
I'm certain this thief must've
been quite the threat indeed.
Wait, Kazuma—
Well... in any event,
thank you for your service.
You did not fail to apprehend the thief,
but successfully prevented
him from stealing anything.
You've done nothing to earn any derision.
You should be grateful for
Princess Iris's mercy.
That said, there is no reason for
you to remain in the castle.
Now, take your leave.
The bubbly around the capital
doesn't live up to the hype...
Souvenir shopping, huh?
You are seriously insensitive.
I'm kinda depressed here.
It's not like we have anything
else to do today, right?
You little...
Michael from Axel has way better
stuff in his store, to be honest.
Who the hell is Michael?
Man, you've really turned into a
social butterfly back home, huh?
Some dude came by the mansion the other day
and left a bunch of expensive meat
as thanks for your healing him.
Wait. I hadn't heard about this before.
And I don't remember getting any meat!
Yeah, because I had Darkness
cook it and we ate—
Excuse me?! And I didn't get a single bite?!
Ow, ow, ow! What the hell?! Let go, you—
Oh, Aqua-sama, what a coincidence
running into you here!
Who are you?
You still have a wonderful
sense of humor, Aqua-sama.
Okay, this guy is being weirdly familiar...
U-Uh, it's me. The Sword Master
you granted the cursed sword to.
It's Katsuragi-san! Remember
him, from a while back?
Who's Katsuragi?! I'm Mitsurugi!
It's Mitsurugi!
I guess Mitsurugi isn't enough of a clue.
He's got the cursed sword.
The cursed sword, remember?
You didn't actually forget my name, did you?
How about you say the whole
thing, just to make sure?
We're not really close enough
to be on a given-name basis.
It's Kyouya! Just admit it if you've
forgotten! Mitsurugi Kyouya!
No matter. More importantly, Aqua-sama...
I'd like to express my
gratitude for our reunion.
What? For me?
It's just something I picked
up during my travels.
I'm not sure if you'll like it...
Oh, he's such a gentleman.
Such a hot, gentlemanly move!
Pisses me off!
Looks like it's too small.
Yeah, sorry, could I get
three glasses of bubbly?
KONOSUBA
Wake up.
Come on, wake up.
Come on, Kazu—
Intruder!
It's just me, okay?!
Cut it out! Don't touch me there!
Darkness! Darkness, help!
KONOSUBA
Oh, it's you, Chris.
Yes, it is!
Be honest! Did you jump on on
the intruder knowing it was me?
You roll up in a guy's room for a booty call,
and then scream when you get
touched? Is this a honey trap?
It was neither a booty call nor a honey trap!
I told you I was gonna come by and explain!
Hey! Hang on! You there!
Don't pretend you can't hear me!
I told you, I don't wanna hear it!
You should come back later!
Like, next year, specifically!
This needs to be handled now!
Come on, hear me out! Please?
Please, please, please, please, please....
Fine, damn it! What is it?!
I've been gathering these incredibly
powerful rare items known as Divine Treasures.
Divine Treasures?
That already sounds like trouble.
Can we stop now?
No! Now, these items are generally only
given to adventurers with dark hair,
dark eyes, and funny-sounding names.
Weird ones like yours.
Don't call my name weird.
Wait, is she talking about the cheat items
that reincarnations get
when they first show up here?
That's what Chris is looking for?
They all have different effects.
Some can do a lot of damage,
some can bring incredible wealth...
Wealth?
That was you?!
Look, I'm sorry! But they're really dangerous!
They need to be collected!
By who? For what reason?
Well, I...
My client says I can't share the details.
I don't care, then!
But this is the important part!
I can sense the presence of an incredible
treasure coming from the castle!
That sounds like the most obvious
thing you could've said!
True, which is why I wanted
to ask for your help...
Here it comes! Nope! I am through
getting mixed up in bad news!
You have the Night Vision skill, right?
Along with Lurk and Enemy Detection?
Could you use those to help me?
Quit trying to turn me into a criminal!
Man, I was right about all of this!
No way am I helping!
Come on, don't be like that, you meanie!
Get out! Get out of here right now!
Or else I'll use that Bind skill I learned from
you before harassing you in a sexual fashion!
I'm gonna head back for now.
We can talk more tomorrow.
I said no! Biiii...
I'll let you off for now!
Damn it.
I wish I could catch a break.
Ugh, Eris-sama...
I'll convert to your church
when I get back to Axel,
so please grant me peace and quiet...
Devil King Army alert! Devil King Army alert!
A force believed to belong to the
Devil King's army has deployed
to the field near the capital!
All knights are to ready for action!
Any high-level adventurers in the
castle are requested to assist!
Kazuma! There's trouble!
Get your gear together, quickly!
I'm asleep.
This is no time for jokes!
The Devil King's army is here!
We need to join the response!
Sounds like you're the one joking!
You heard the announcement, right?!
"High-level," she said!
Calling me "mid" would be
a compliment, frankly!
Isn't this city supposed to be
crawling with badass adventurers?!
They can handle it without us!
You can be such a coward!
Whatever! I'm taking Aqua
and Megumin and going!
Why don't you cower in bed,
you low-level adventurer?!
No! That sounds dangerous!
Why do I have to go?!
I just came to the capital to play around!
I am not going to battle against
the Devil King's army!
Stop being so selfish, Aqua!
You can never have too many healers!
Look at Megumin! She's absolutely raring to go!
Darkness, I'm going on ahead to
confront the Devil King's forces.
If the battle starts and different
factions become tangled up in a melee,
I won't be able to use my magic!
The first strike belongs to me!
More likely, my powered-up magic will
both begin and end the battle at once!
Wait, Megumin! Don't be reckless!
And Aqua, just give up already!
Oh, come on, Kazuma! I need your help!
Oh, would you all shut up for one second?!
There's no reason for us to butt in on a
dangerous battle and risk our necks...
Wait. Hang on.
If I'm able to show off a bit
in a situation like this,
I might be able to return to the castle.
I mean, there's already a bunch of
cheat-empowered adventurers in the capital!
That makes it unlikely the bad guys will win.
And it's not like I need to single-handedly
wipe the floor with the Devil King's guys.
As long as I put on a decent
enough show, that should do it!
Stop, Darkness!
I have a bad feeling about this!
Goddess's intuition!
You can have one of my breakfast sausages,
so let's put this on hold until tomorrow!
When the royal army arrives
at the battlefield,
they will see the smoldering
remains of the Devil King's army,
and a wizard taking her well-earned leave...
That's what I wanna do! And now's my chance!
Let me go!
Kazuma, I can't handle them both!
Do something about these two!
Ladies. The kingdom's in danger.
What're you doing?
Off we go! Now it's our turn!
No!
Strike! Striiiiiiiike!!
Howdy! The weather's great over here. It's me, Verdia!
Y'know, no matter how many times I shout here in the afterlife,
no one shows up! Not that I mind. The guys from the Devil King
Army do good enough work. Although we do have our fair share
of traitors (laughs). ...Leaving the front lines to open up a magic
item store. I'm sure she had her reasons for making a decision like that.
Treacherous as they may be. Hahahahaha! Not that it matters anymore!
Now then, Devil King, I wish you good health. Strike! Striiiiiiiike!!
-Verdia
Episode 5: Nefarious Friends for This Sheltered Princess!
Strike! Strike!
Howdy! The weather's great
over here. It's me, Verdia!
Y'know, no matter how many times—